README.md, before:

# Summoning Wars
Summoning Wars is an open source role-playing game originally by these wonderful people fusion45, kalimgard, mpreisler, wuha at https://sourceforge.net/projects/sumwars/ as well as the contributors listed on the AUTHORS.md.

## Description
Summoning Wars is an open source role-playing game, featuring both a
single-player and a multiplayer mode for about 2 to 8 players.  It is available
and proved to work for Windows, Mac OS X and GNU/Linux operating systems,
although it might as well work in __BSD__ and similar operating systems.

## License
Summoning Wars is free software released under GNU General Public License
version 3 or later (GPLv3+), which means that you can freely use, copy and
modify the software.  Please see LICENSE file for more information about its
license, and AUTHORS.md for copyright holders. To view a full list of all dependencies and their licenses used see DEPENDENCIES.md.

## General Instructions
Following libraries are required to build Summoning Wars:

* OGRE >= 1.7.3
* OIS
* CEGUI >= 0.7.5
* freealut, openal
* lua5.1
* ogg, vorbis, vorbisfile
* physfs
* POCO (for debug build only)

If you are lucky, all libs may be installed via package manager (apt-get, yum, emerge, pacman, ...).
Have a look at the "OS dependant install" section below.

After installing all required libraries type:
```
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr
make
sudo make install
```

Currently, there is no make install, so you have to start the game in the directory where you compiled it.
Please visit our Website www.sumwars.org to give some feedback or report bugs.

## OS Dependent Install Tips
__Ubuntu:__

Ogre 1.7 and CEGUI 0.7 are not included in the standard repositories yet. But you may get them from this additional repo:
https://launchpad.net/~andrewfenn/+archive/ogredev

To install all needed dependencies enter the following command into the terminal:
sudo apt-get install libogre-dev libcegui-dev libois-dev libalut-dev liblua5.1-0-dev libopenal-dev libvorbis-dev libfreeimage-dev libphysfs-dev

Then follow the "General instructions" section above to install the game.

## Troubleshooting
Problem: Rendering does not work under Windows:
Solution: Try replacing ogre.cfg by this (omit the last and the first line of course):

```
(Begin of ogre.cfg)
Render System=Direct3D9 Rendering Subsystem

[Direct3D9 Rendering Subsystem]
Full Screen=No
Video Mode=1024 x 768 @ 32-bit colour
(End of ogre.cfg9)
```

Commit message:

added badges and other stuff

README.md, after:

# Summoning Wars
![Join Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/632161897759637505)
![release](https://flat.badgen.net/github/release/SaintWish/summoning-wars)
![contributors](https://flat.badgen.net/github/contributors/SaintWish/summoning-wars)
![issues-pr](https://flat.badgen.net/github/open-prs/SaintWish/summoning-wars)
![last commit](https://flat.badgen.net/github/last-commit/SaintWish/summoning-wars)
\n
Summoning Wars is an open source role-playing game originally by these wonderful people fusion45, kalimgard, mpreisler, wuha at https://sourceforge.net/projects/sumwars/ as well as the contributors listed on the AUTHORS.md.

## Description
Summoning Wars is an open source role-playing game, featuring both a
single-player and a multiplayer mode for about 2 to 8 players.  It is available
and proved to work for Windows, Mac OS X and GNU/Linux operating systems,
although it might as well work in _BSD_ and similar operating systems.

## Community
* Discord: https://discord.gg/3K7VZbQ

## License
Summoning Wars is free software released under GNU General Public License
version 3 or later (GPLv3+), which means that you can freely use, copy and
modify the software.  Please see LICENSE file for more information about its
license, and AUTHORS.md for copyright holders. To view a full list of all dependencies and their licenses used see DEPENDENCIES.md. If there's a dependencies being used missing from the list feel free to make an issue, or a pull request.

## Future Contributions
If you find something you think you can improve on in our code, please make a pull request. If you find any bugs or want to request a feature to be added, feel free to create an issue or say something in our Discord.\n
If you're addition is denied we will try out best to give you a reason behind our decision.

## General Instructions
Following libraries are required to build Summoning Wars:

* OGRE >= 1.7.3
* OIS
* CEGUI >= 0.7.5
* freealut, openal
* lua5.1
* ogg, vorbis, vorbisfile
* physfs
* POCO (for debug build only)

If you are lucky, all libs may be installed via package manager (apt-get, yum, emerge, pacman, ...).
Have a look at the "OS dependant install" section below.

After installing all required libraries type:
```
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr
make
sudo make install
```

Currently, there is no make install, so you have to start the game in the directory where you compiled it.

## OS Dependent Install Tips
__Ubuntu:__

Ogre 1.7 and CEGUI 0.7 are not included in the standard repositories yet. But you may get them from this additional repo:
https://launchpad.net/~andrewfenn/+archive/ogredev

To install all needed dependencies enter the following command into the terminal:
``sudo apt-get install libogre-dev libcegui-dev libois-dev libalut-dev liblua5.1-0-dev libopenal-dev libvorbis-dev libfreeimage-dev libphysfs-dev``

Then follow the "General Instructions" section above to install the game.

## Troubleshooting
_Problem: Rendering does not work under Windows:_
_Solution: Try replacing ogre.cfg by this (omit the last and the first line of course):_
```
(Begin of ogre.cfg)
Render System=Direct3D9 Rendering Subsystem

[Direct3D9 Rendering Subsystem]
Full Screen=No
Video Mode=1024 x 768 @ 32-bit colour
(End of ogre.cfg9)
```
